Dual arms with MoveIt (#391)
ros-planning/moveit2_tutorials: doc/examples/dual_arms/dual_arms_tutorial.rst

- Add ``left_initial_positions.yaml`` and ``right_initial_positions.yaml``. (This is only necessary when simulating -- it doesn't apply when a hardware robot is used.) Pass a ``left_`` or ``right_`` prefix to ``panda.ros2_control.xacro`` to select this file.

- Ensure all joints in ``panda.ros2_control.xacro`` are prepended by the ``prefix`` arg so they will be unique for the left and right arms.

- Ensure the name of the ros2_control macro is prepended with ``prefix`` as well, so it is unique: ::

    <ros2_control name="${prefix}${name}" type="system">

- Enumerate the controllers we will need for both arms in the ros2_control config file, ``ros2_controllers.yaml``. Make sure these controllers are launched from ``demo.launch.py``.

- Define joint groups for each arm in ``panda.srdf``. This tells MoveIt which joints constitute each arm. The joint groups are named ``left_panda_arm`` and ``right_panda_arm``. Also define an end effector for each arm.

- Define a kinematics solver for each arm in ``kinematics.yaml``.

- Define the controllers which MoveIt can execute trajectories with in ``moveit_controllers.yaml``. Here we have a trajectory controller for each arm.

> - Also in ``moveit_controllers.yaml``, define the controller management strategy MoveIt will use. The simplest option from a configuration standpoint is either ``moveit_ros_control_interface/MoveItMultiControllerManager`` or ``moveit_ros_control_interface/MoveItControllerManager``. You can also use a ``SimpleControllerManager`` although it requires additional namespacing and additional enumeration of the joints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Also in ``moveit_controllers.yaml``, define the controller management strategy MoveIt will use. The simplest option from a configuration standpoint is either ``moveit_ros_control_interface/MoveItMultiControllerManager`` or ``moveit_ros_control_interface/MoveItControllerManager``. You can also use a ``moveit_simple_controller_manager/MoveItSimpleControllerManager`` although it requires additional namespacing and additional enumeration of the joints.
```
